what is up guys get the going to open up
our war of the ancients box for you 3
6-packs keep going salute cards you know
cards to play with i really get into the
game now learn how to play this must be
how you do that card there let's get
crazy first box ever opening these up
other than archives bucks looks like we
got a door tour flame caster timewalker
guard felguard Marauder timewalker
lightsworn timewalker grunt of land
glorious the well of eternity
documenting the time waves frenzy Finn
elemental purge Nalia shade fury demon
hunters an aspect not loot card broxigar
the red / oh darn yep that's going to be
the rare for boy Avenger and elder thais
sorceress grab me text from the middle
we've got a frigid fatality Thunder
Bluff Sunwalker storm would summoner
rampage furlong Darnassus warrior elms
blessing the path of the dragon slow
documented the time waves at darien
black soul lava strike called void shaka
dead mark nurse all beyond grave rare
throg earth rager duck show deaths worn
like you got a child of gold render it
to our flame caster girdle of the
Queen's champion mulgar Guardian time
Walker Sentinel document the time waves
that langoria scattering brillo staff a
Joel lava strike strong group agent of
war arith are the eye of flame bari are
wild hammer time Walker the mouthful
Virgil time Walker Marshall that's the
rare shadow stalker voice here
all right speed this up a little bit and
just go through the car will be
extremely long token mark where you're
talking up for the rare we got its
spirit link token tours ups hoping leave
yep that'd be an epic I Legion alucard
tease me a little bit there it'll be
quite a few cards do a their collection
grill a little bit basically the whole
point of this box anything else nether
aqua lips rare just be icing on the cake
our last archives box with a dud but you
know we've only opened up three we still
have a long ways to go nope token
tricksters edge rare
borgo timewalker Stormlord rare the very
cool car kiss the depth rare never know
friends each fell hound I Legion regard
firstly / salute probably only loop that
you know better than nothing where I
gave one of those away so who knows the
fate of that one sinister watcher it's
pretty cool car sound pump up an alright
so that's going to be the end of part 1
i'm going to make the videos too long
and still have plenty of more packs to
go till next time